fix: Add monitoring information inside the function trace. (#260)
openedx/event-bus-kafka: CHANGELOG.rst

Unreleased
**********

> [5.7.1] - 2024-07-31

Reviewer: Probably worth a minor version bump (here and in init file).

```suggestion
[5.8.0] - 2024-08-01
```

********************
Changed
=======

> * Refactor monitoring to the consumer loop and renamed the trace name to be ``consumer.consume``.

Reviewer: We could make this more explicit:

```suggestion
* Monitoring: Ensure that we have a root span for each iteration of the consume loop; renamed the trace name to be ``consumer.consume``.
```
